cv.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Curriculum Vitae
permalink: /cv/
show_in_nav: false
---

## Short Biography

{:.cv-biography}
Ruben Taelman is a Postdoctoral Researcher at [IDLab](http://www.ugent.be/ea/idlab/en), Ghent University – imec, Belgium.
His research concerns the decentralized publication and querying of Linked Data on the Web,
and investigating the trade-offs that exist between server and client.
He has contributed to this domain through publications in journals such as
the [Semantic Web Journal](http://semantic-web-journal.net/)
and the [Journal of Web Semantics](https://www.journals.elsevier.com/journal-of-web-semantics).
Next to that, he is actively applying his research by developing [reusable software](/projects/)
that can be used by developers and other researchers.
Furthermore, he has presented his work at various conferences and workshops such as
the [Web Conference](https://www.iw3c2.org/),
the [International Semantic Web Conference (ISWC)](http://swsa.semanticweb.org/content/international-semantic-web-conference-iswc),
and the [Extended Semantic Web Conference (ESWC)](https://eswc-conferences.org/).
Additionally, he has served as a reviewer and program committee member for these journals and conferences.

## Academic Work Experience

<ul class="cv-listing">
{% include cv-listing.html
    subject="Postdoctoral Researcher"
    startdate="2020"
    enddate="now"
    location="[IDLab, Ghent University — imec](http://www.ugent.be/ea/idlab/en)"
    description="Together with a team of PhD students and postdocs, I am researching decentralized publication and querying of Linked Data on the Web."
%}
{% include cv-listing.html
    subject="Visiting Researcher"
    startdate="2019"
    enddate="2020"
    location="[Vienna University of Economics and Business](https://www.wu.ac.at/en/infobiz/)"
    description="I visited [Sabrina Kirrane](http://sabrinakirrane.com/) in Austria
    to collaborate on privacy-preserving querying within decentralized environments."
%}
{% include cv-listing.html
    subject="Visiting Researcher"
    startdate="2017"
    enddate="2018"
    location="[National Institute of Informatics](https://www.nii.ac.jp/en/)"
    description="I visited [Hideaki Takeda](http://www-kasm.nii.ac.jp/~takeda/) in Japan
    to study [the fundamentals of semantic versioned querying](http://localhost:4000/publications/taelman_iswc_workshop_semanticversionedquerying_2018/)."
%}
{% include cv-listing.html
    subject="Doctoral Researcher"
    startdate="2015"
    enddate="2020"
    location="[IDLab, Ghent University — imec](http://www.ugent.be/ea/idlab/en)"
    description="Under the supervision of [Ruben Verborgh](https://ruben.verborgh.org/),
    I am researching decentralized publication and querying of Linked Data on the Web."
%}
</ul>

## Education

<ul class="cv-listing">
{% include cv-listing.html
    subject="Doctor of Computer Science Engineering"
    startdate="2015"
    enddate="2020"
    location="Ghent University, Belgium"
    description="Thesis: [Storing and Querying Evolving Knowledge Graphs on the Web](https://phd.rubensworks.net/)"
%}
{% include cv-listing.html
    subject="Master in Computer Science Engineering"
    startdate="2013"
    enddate="2015"
    location="Ghent University, Belgium"
    description="With great honor
    <br />Thesis: [Continuously Updating Queries over Real-Time Linked Data](https://www.rubensworks.net/publications/taelman_mastersthesis/)"
%}
{% include cv-listing.html
    subject="Bachelor in Informatics"
    startdate="2010"
    enddate="2013"
    location="Ghent University, Belgium"
    description="With honor"
%}
</ul>

## Teaching

### Courses

<ul class="cv-listing">
{% include cv-listing.html
    subject="Web Development"
    startdate="2017"
    enddate="now"
    location="Ghent University, Belgium"
    description="Coaching of Computer Science students on designing and implementing Web applications."
%}
{% include cv-listing.html
    subject="Design of Cloud and Mobile Applications"
    startdate="2015"
    enddate="2017"
    location="Ghent University, Belgium"
    description="Coaching of Informatics students on designing and implementing cloud applications."
%}
</ul>

### Supervision of Master Students

<ul class="cv-listing">
{% include cv-listing.html
    subject="Thomas Devriese"
    startdate="2020"
    enddate="2021"
    location="Ghent University, Belgium"
    description="Scaling networks of personal data stores through Approximate Membership Functions"
%}
{% include cv-listing.html
    subject="Marie Denoo"
    startdate="2020"
    enddate="2021"
    location="Ghent University, Belgium"
    description="Enabling fine-grained access control in decentralized environments"
%}
{% include cv-listing.html
    subject="Karel Haerens"
    startdate="2019"
    enddate="2020"
    location="Ghent University, Belgium"
    description="Query execution over decentralized social media networks"
%}
{% include cv-listing.html
    subject="Serge Morel"
    startdate="2018"
    enddate="2019"
    location="Ghent University, Belgium"
    description="[Computational integrity for outsourced execution of SPARQL queries](https://www.scriptiebank.be/sites/default/files/thesis/2019-10/main_0.pdf)"
%}
{% include cv-listing.html
    subject="Isa Sebrechts"
    startdate="2018"
    enddate="2019"
    location="Ghent University, Belgium"
    description="[Usability of distributed data sources for modern Web applications](https://lib.ugent.be/fulltxt/RUG01/002/785/839/RUG01-002785839_2019_0001_AC.pdf)"
%}
{% include cv-listing.html
    subject="Wouter Vandenberghe"
    startdate="2017"
    enddate="2019"
    location="Ghent University, Belgium"
    description="[An analysis of the effects of HTTP2 on a low-cost query interface]()"
%}
{% include cv-listing.html
    subject="Thibault Mahieu"
    startdate="2017"
    enddate="2018"
    location="Ghent University, Belgium"
    description="[Reducing storage requirements of multi-version graph databases using forward and reverse deltas](https://lib.ugent.be/fulltxt/RUG01/002/495/106/RUG01-002495106_2018_0001_AC.pdf)"
%}
{% include cv-listing.html
    subject="Brecht Hendrickx"
    startdate="2017"
    enddate="2018"
    location="Ghent University, Belgium"
    description="[Client-side querying of media fragments using a low-cost server interface](https://lib.ugent.be/fulltxt/RUG01/002/494/561/RUG01-002494561_2018_0001_AC.pdf)"
%}
</ul>

## Fellowships

<ul class="cv-listing">
{% include cv-listing.html
    subject="Postdoctoral Fellowship"
    date="2020 - 2023"
    subtitle="[Research Foundation Flanders](https://www.fwo.be/en/)"
    description="Full research grant for a 3-year junior postdoctoral fellowship"
%}
</ul>

## Awards

<ul class="cv-listing">
{% include cv-listing.html
    subject="Best Paper Award"
    date="2020"
    subtitle="[Pattern-based Access Control in a Decentralised Collaboration Environment](/publications/werbrouck_ldac_2020/)"
    description="LDAC2020 - 8th Linked Data in Architecture and Construction Workshop"
%}
{% include cv-listing.html
    subject="Best Paper Award"
    date="2016"
    subtitle="[Continuously Updating Query Results over Real-Time Linked Data](/publications/taelman_mepdaw_2016/)"
    description="2nd Workshop on Managing the Evolution and Preservation of the Data Web)"
%}
</ul>

## Invited talks

<ul class="cv-listing">
{% include cv-listing.html
    subject="[SPARQL Query Processing](https://www.rubensworks.net/raw/slides/2021/ugent-webfundamentals-sparqlengines/) and [Link Traversal-based Query Processing](https://www.rubensworks.net/raw/slides/2021/ugent-webfundamentals-linktraversal/)"
    date="2021"
    location="Ghent University, Belgium"
    description="Guest lecture at the [Web Fundamentals](https://rubenverborgh.github.io/WebFundamentals/) course at Ghent University"
%}

## Publications

### Journal articles

{% bibliography --query @*[_type=Journal] %}

### Conference and workshop contributions

{% bibliography --query @*[_type=Conference] %}
{% bibliography --query @*[_type=Tutorial] %}
{% bibliography --query @*[_type=Challenge] %}
{% bibliography --query @*[_type=Workshop] %}
{% bibliography --query @*[_type=Demo] %}
{% bibliography --query @*[_type=Poster] %}
{% bibliography --query @*[_type=PhD Symposium] %}

### Other publications

{% bibliography --query @*[_type=Position Statement] %}
{% bibliography --query @*[_type=Master's Thesis] %}

## Academic Involvement

### Tutorials

<ul class="cv-listing">
{% include cv-listing.html
    subject="[An Introduction to GraphQL](https://www.ida.liu.se/research/semanticweb/events/GraphQLTutorialAtISWC2019.shtml)"
    date="2019"
    authors="Olaf Hartig, Ruben Taelman"
    description="Half-day tutorial at the [18th International Semantic Web Conference (ISWC 2019)](https://iswc2019.semanticweb.org/), Auckland, New Zealand, 2019."
%}
{% include cv-listing.html
    subject="[Building Decentralized Applications with Solid and Comunica](https://comunica.github.io/Tutorial-ISWC2019-Solid-Comunica/)"
    date="2019"
    authors="Ruben Taelman, Joachim Van Herwegen, Ruben Verborgh"
    description="Full-day tutorial at the [18th International Semantic Web Conference (ISWC 2019)](https://iswc2019.semanticweb.org/), Auckland, New Zealand, 2019."
%}
{% include cv-listing.html
    subject="[Querying Linked Data with Comunica](https://comunica.github.io/Tutorial-ESWC2019-Comunica/)"
    date="2019"
    authors="Ruben Taelman, Joachim Van Herwegen"
    description="Half-day tutorial at the [16th Extended Semantic Web Conference (ESWC2019)](https://2019.eswc-conferences.org/), Portoroz, Slovenia, 2019."
%}
{% include cv-listing.html
    subject="[Modeling, Generating and Publishing knowledge as Linked Data](http://rml.io/EKAW2016tutorial.html)"
    date="2016"
    authors="Anastasia Dimou, Ruben Taelman, Pieter Heyvaert, Ruben Verborgh"
    description="Full-day tutorial at the [20th International Conference on Knowledge Engineering and Knowledge Management (EKAW2016)](http://ekaw2016.cs.unibo.it/), Bologna, Italy, 2016."
%}
</ul>

### Journal Reviewer

* [IEEE Access](https://ieeeaccess.ieee.org/)
    * 2020
* [Semantic Web Journal](http://semantic-web-journal.net/)
    * 2017
    * 2018
    * 2020 (including member of editorial board for [Special Issue on Semantic Technologies for Data and Algorithmic Governance](http://www.semantic-web-journal.net/blog/call-papers-special-issue-semantic-technologies-data-and-algorithmic-governance)
    * 2021
* [Journal of Web Semantics](https://www.journals.elsevier.com/journal-of-web-semantics)
    * 2017
* [Data Science](https://www.iospress.nl/journal/data-science/)
    * 2019
{:.cv-listing}

### Program Committee Member

* [International Semantic Web Conference (ISWC)](http://swsa.semanticweb.org/content/international-semantic-web-conference-iswc)
    * 2019 (Resources Track)
    * 2020 (Resources Track)
    * 2021 (Resources Track)
* [Extended Semantic Web Conference (ESWC)](https://eswc-conferences.org/)
    * 2018 (Research Track)
    * 2019 (Research Track)
    * 2020 (Metadata Chair, Research Track, Poster & Demo Track)
    * 2021 (Research Track, Resources Track, In-Use Track)
* [The Web Conference](https://www.iw3c2.org/)
    * 2018 ([Developers' Track](https://www2018.thewebconf.org/program/developers-track/))
* [International Conference on Ontologies, DataBases, and Applications of Semantics (ODBASE)](http://www.otmconferences.org/index.php/conferences/odbase-2020)
    * 2020
* [SEMANTiCS Conference](https://semantics.cc/)
    * 2017 (Poster & Demo Track)
    * 2018 (Research Track, Poster & Demo Track)
    * 2019 (Research Track)
    * 2020 (Research Track)
    * 2021 (Research Track)
* [ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management](https://cikm2020.org/)
    * 2020
* [Workshop on Decentralizing the Semantic Web](https://iswc2019.desemweb.org/)
    * 2018
    * 2019
* [Workshop on Managing the Evolution and Preservation of the Data Web (MEPDaW)](https://mepdaw-ws.github.io/2020/)
    * 2017
    * 2018
    * 2019
    * 2020
* [Linked Data in Architecture and Construction Workshop](http://www.linkedbuildingdata.net/ldac2019/index.html)
    * 2019
* [Open Mighty Storage Challenge (MOCHA)](https://project-hobbit.eu/open-challenges/mocha-open-challenge/)
    * 2017
* [International Workshop on Semantics for Transport (Sem4Tra)](https://sem4tra.linkeddata.es/)
    * 2020
    * 2019
{:.cv-listing}

Commit message:

Add OSLC Fest to CV

cv.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Curriculum Vitae
permalink: /cv/
show_in_nav: false
---

## Short Biography

{:.cv-biography}
Ruben Taelman is a Postdoctoral Researcher at [IDLab](http://www.ugent.be/ea/idlab/en), Ghent University – imec, Belgium.
His research concerns the decentralized publication and querying of Linked Data on the Web,
and investigating the trade-offs that exist between server and client.
He has contributed to this domain through publications in journals such as
the [Semantic Web Journal](http://semantic-web-journal.net/)
and the [Journal of Web Semantics](https://www.journals.elsevier.com/journal-of-web-semantics).
Next to that, he is actively applying his research by developing [reusable software](/projects/)
that can be used by developers and other researchers.
Furthermore, he has presented his work at various conferences and workshops such as
the [Web Conference](https://www.iw3c2.org/),
the [International Semantic Web Conference (ISWC)](http://swsa.semanticweb.org/content/international-semantic-web-conference-iswc),
and the [Extended Semantic Web Conference (ESWC)](https://eswc-conferences.org/).
Additionally, he has served as a reviewer and program committee member for these journals and conferences.

## Academic Work Experience

<ul class="cv-listing">
{% include cv-listing.html
    subject="Postdoctoral Researcher"
    startdate="2020"
    enddate="now"
    location="[IDLab, Ghent University — imec](http://www.ugent.be/ea/idlab/en)"
    description="Together with a team of PhD students and postdocs, I am researching decentralized publication and querying of Linked Data on the Web."
%}
{% include cv-listing.html
    subject="Visiting Researcher"
    startdate="2019"
    enddate="2020"
    location="[Vienna University of Economics and Business](https://www.wu.ac.at/en/infobiz/)"
    description="I visited [Sabrina Kirrane](http://sabrinakirrane.com/) in Austria
    to collaborate on privacy-preserving querying within decentralized environments."
%}
{% include cv-listing.html
    subject="Visiting Researcher"
    startdate="2017"
    enddate="2018"
    location="[National Institute of Informatics](https://www.nii.ac.jp/en/)"
    description="I visited [Hideaki Takeda](http://www-kasm.nii.ac.jp/~takeda/) in Japan
    to study [the fundamentals of semantic versioned querying](http://localhost:4000/publications/taelman_iswc_workshop_semanticversionedquerying_2018/)."
%}
{% include cv-listing.html
    subject="Doctoral Researcher"
    startdate="2015"
    enddate="2020"
    location="[IDLab, Ghent University — imec](http://www.ugent.be/ea/idlab/en)"
    description="Under the supervision of [Ruben Verborgh](https://ruben.verborgh.org/),
    I am researching decentralized publication and querying of Linked Data on the Web."
%}
</ul>

## Education

<ul class="cv-listing">
{% include cv-listing.html
    subject="Doctor of Computer Science Engineering"
    startdate="2015"
    enddate="2020"
    location="Ghent University, Belgium"
    description="Thesis: [Storing and Querying Evolving Knowledge Graphs on the Web](https://phd.rubensworks.net/)"
%}
{% include cv-listing.html
    subject="Master in Computer Science Engineering"
    startdate="2013"
    enddate="2015"
    location="Ghent University, Belgium"
    description="With great honor
    <br />Thesis: [Continuously Updating Queries over Real-Time Linked Data](https://www.rubensworks.net/publications/taelman_mastersthesis/)"
%}
{% include cv-listing.html
    subject="Bachelor in Informatics"
    startdate="2010"
    enddate="2013"
    location="Ghent University, Belgium"
    description="With honor"
%}
</ul>

## Teaching

### Courses

<ul class="cv-listing">
{% include cv-listing.html
    subject="Web Development"
    startdate="2017"
    enddate="now"
    location="Ghent University, Belgium"
    description="Coaching of Computer Science students on designing and implementing Web applications."
%}
{% include cv-listing.html
    subject="Design of Cloud and Mobile Applications"
    startdate="2015"
    enddate="2017"
    location="Ghent University, Belgium"
    description="Coaching of Informatics students on designing and implementing cloud applications."
%}
</ul>

### Supervision of Master Students

<ul class="cv-listing">
{% include cv-listing.html
    subject="Thomas Devriese"
    startdate="2020"
    enddate="2021"
    location="Ghent University, Belgium"
    description="Scaling networks of personal data stores through Approximate Membership Functions"
%}
{% include cv-listing.html
    subject="Marie Denoo"
    startdate="2020"
    enddate="2021"
    location="Ghent University, Belgium"
    description="Enabling fine-grained access control in decentralized environments"
%}
{% include cv-listing.html
    subject="Karel Haerens"
    startdate="2019"
    enddate="2020"
    location="Ghent University, Belgium"
    description="Query execution over decentralized social media networks"
%}
{% include cv-listing.html
    subject="Serge Morel"
    startdate="2018"
    enddate="2019"
    location="Ghent University, Belgium"
    description="[Computational integrity for outsourced execution of SPARQL queries](https://www.scriptiebank.be/sites/default/files/thesis/2019-10/main_0.pdf)"
%}
{% include cv-listing.html
    subject="Isa Sebrechts"
    startdate="2018"
    enddate="2019"
    location="Ghent University, Belgium"
    description="[Usability of distributed data sources for modern Web applications](https://lib.ugent.be/fulltxt/RUG01/002/785/839/RUG01-002785839_2019_0001_AC.pdf)"
%}
{% include cv-listing.html
    subject="Wouter Vandenberghe"
    startdate="2017"
    enddate="2019"
    location="Ghent University, Belgium"
    description="[An analysis of the effects of HTTP2 on a low-cost query interface]()"
%}
{% include cv-listing.html
    subject="Thibault Mahieu"
    startdate="2017"
    enddate="2018"
    location="Ghent University, Belgium"
    description="[Reducing storage requirements of multi-version graph databases using forward and reverse deltas](https://lib.ugent.be/fulltxt/RUG01/002/495/106/RUG01-002495106_2018_0001_AC.pdf)"
%}
{% include cv-listing.html
    subject="Brecht Hendrickx"
    startdate="2017"
    enddate="2018"
    location="Ghent University, Belgium"
    description="[Client-side querying of media fragments using a low-cost server interface](https://lib.ugent.be/fulltxt/RUG01/002/494/561/RUG01-002494561_2018_0001_AC.pdf)"
%}
</ul>

## Fellowships

<ul class="cv-listing">
{% include cv-listing.html
    subject="Postdoctoral Fellowship"
    date="2020 - 2023"
    subtitle="[Research Foundation Flanders](https://www.fwo.be/en/)"
    description="Full research grant for a 3-year junior postdoctoral fellowship"
%}
</ul>

## Awards

<ul class="cv-listing">
{% include cv-listing.html
    subject="Best Paper Award"
    date="2020"
    subtitle="[Pattern-based Access Control in a Decentralised Collaboration Environment](/publications/werbrouck_ldac_2020/)"
    description="LDAC2020 - 8th Linked Data in Architecture and Construction Workshop"
%}
{% include cv-listing.html
    subject="Best Paper Award"
    date="2016"
    subtitle="[Continuously Updating Query Results over Real-Time Linked Data](/publications/taelman_mepdaw_2016/)"
    description="2nd Workshop on Managing the Evolution and Preservation of the Data Web)"
%}
</ul>

## Invited talks

<ul class="cv-listing">
{% include cv-listing.html
    subject="[SPARQL Query Processing](https://www.rubensworks.net/raw/slides/2021/ugent-webfundamentals-sparqlengines/) and [Link Traversal-based Query Processing](https://www.rubensworks.net/raw/slides/2021/ugent-webfundamentals-linktraversal/)"
    date="2021"
    location="Ghent University, Belgium"
    description="Guest lecture at the [Web Fundamentals](https://rubenverborgh.github.io/WebFundamentals/) course at Ghent University"
%}
{% include cv-listing.html
    subject="[A Technical View on the Solid Ecosystem](https://www.rubensworks.net/raw/slides/2020/oslc-solid-tech/)"
    date="2020"
    location="OSLC Fest 2020"
    description="Invited talk on the fundamentals of the Solid ecosystem at [OSLC Fest](http://oslcfest.org/) ([video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t1AJg8HAEn4&t=6705s))"
%}
</ul>

## Publications

### Journal articles

{% bibliography --query @*[_type=Journal] %}

### Conference and workshop contributions

{% bibliography --query @*[_type=Conference] %}
{% bibliography --query @*[_type=Tutorial] %}
{% bibliography --query @*[_type=Challenge] %}
{% bibliography --query @*[_type=Workshop] %}
{% bibliography --query @*[_type=Demo] %}
{% bibliography --query @*[_type=Poster] %}
{% bibliography --query @*[_type=PhD Symposium] %}

### Other publications

{% bibliography --query @*[_type=Position Statement] %}
{% bibliography --query @*[_type=Master's Thesis] %}

## Academic Involvement

### Tutorials

<ul class="cv-listing">
{% include cv-listing.html
    subject="[An Introduction to GraphQL](https://www.ida.liu.se/research/semanticweb/events/GraphQLTutorialAtISWC2019.shtml)"
    date="2019"
    authors="Olaf Hartig, Ruben Taelman"
    description="Half-day tutorial at the [18th International Semantic Web Conference (ISWC 2019)](https://iswc2019.semanticweb.org/), Auckland, New Zealand, 2019."
%}
{% include cv-listing.html
    subject="[Building Decentralized Applications with Solid and Comunica](https://comunica.github.io/Tutorial-ISWC2019-Solid-Comunica/)"
    date="2019"
    authors="Ruben Taelman, Joachim Van Herwegen, Ruben Verborgh"
    description="Full-day tutorial at the [18th International Semantic Web Conference (ISWC 2019)](https://iswc2019.semanticweb.org/), Auckland, New Zealand, 2019."
%}
{% include cv-listing.html
    subject="[Querying Linked Data with Comunica](https://comunica.github.io/Tutorial-ESWC2019-Comunica/)"
    date="2019"
    authors="Ruben Taelman, Joachim Van Herwegen"
    description="Half-day tutorial at the [16th Extended Semantic Web Conference (ESWC2019)](https://2019.eswc-conferences.org/), Portoroz, Slovenia, 2019."
%}
{% include cv-listing.html
    subject="[Modeling, Generating and Publishing knowledge as Linked Data](http://rml.io/EKAW2016tutorial.html)"
    date="2016"
    authors="Anastasia Dimou, Ruben Taelman, Pieter Heyvaert, Ruben Verborgh"
    description="Full-day tutorial at the [20th International Conference on Knowledge Engineering and Knowledge Management (EKAW2016)](http://ekaw2016.cs.unibo.it/), Bologna, Italy, 2016."
%}
</ul>

### Journal Reviewer

* [IEEE Access](https://ieeeaccess.ieee.org/)
    * 2020
* [Semantic Web Journal](http://semantic-web-journal.net/)
    * 2017
    * 2018
    * 2020 (including member of editorial board for [Special Issue on Semantic Technologies for Data and Algorithmic Governance](http://www.semantic-web-journal.net/blog/call-papers-special-issue-semantic-technologies-data-and-algorithmic-governance)
    * 2021
* [Journal of Web Semantics](https://www.journals.elsevier.com/journal-of-web-semantics)
    * 2017
* [Data Science](https://www.iospress.nl/journal/data-science/)
    * 2019
{:.cv-listing}

### Program Committee Member

* [International Semantic Web Conference (ISWC)](http://swsa.semanticweb.org/content/international-semantic-web-conference-iswc)
    * 2019 (Resources Track)
    * 2020 (Resources Track)
    * 2021 (Resources Track)
* [Extended Semantic Web Conference (ESWC)](https://eswc-conferences.org/)
    * 2018 (Research Track)
    * 2019 (Research Track)
    * 2020 (Metadata Chair, Research Track, Poster & Demo Track)
    * 2021 (Research Track, Resources Track, In-Use Track)
* [The Web Conference](https://www.iw3c2.org/)
    * 2018 ([Developers' Track](https://www2018.thewebconf.org/program/developers-track/))
* [International Conference on Ontologies, DataBases, and Applications of Semantics (ODBASE)](http://www.otmconferences.org/index.php/conferences/odbase-2020)
    * 2020
* [SEMANTiCS Conference](https://semantics.cc/)
    * 2017 (Poster & Demo Track)
    * 2018 (Research Track, Poster & Demo Track)
    * 2019 (Research Track)
    * 2020 (Research Track)
    * 2021 (Research Track)
* [ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management](https://cikm2020.org/)
    * 2020
* [Workshop on Decentralizing the Semantic Web](https://iswc2019.desemweb.org/)
    * 2018
    * 2019
* [Workshop on Managing the Evolution and Preservation of the Data Web (MEPDaW)](https://mepdaw-ws.github.io/2020/)
    * 2017
    * 2018
    * 2019
    * 2020
* [Linked Data in Architecture and Construction Workshop](http://www.linkedbuildingdata.net/ldac2019/index.html)
    * 2019
* [Open Mighty Storage Challenge (MOCHA)](https://project-hobbit.eu/open-challenges/mocha-open-challenge/)
    * 2017
* [International Workshop on Semantics for Transport (Sem4Tra)](https://sem4tra.linkeddata.es/)
    * 2020
    * 2019
{:.cv-listing}
